I assume you know all about Hamilton
it's the hugely popular music sold out
its sold out until well after all of us
are dead it's a huge success on Broadway
and here in LA - and now there's a new
holiday version of the show it's a hip
hop tale of sweet potato revenge
starring Aaron bird and his arch nemesis
ladies and gentlemen we are proud as
punch to give you the a molten
[Applause]
how does up felt basted turkey
[Music]
thanks kids thanks everybody I think
it's in their mission I don't know
what's going on it's still in previews
we're working on some of the kinks all
right
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy